no Kenyan or indeed east african
football team has ever made it to a
world cup but this squad have raised
rare hopes of changing that this
qualifier saw them taking on african
champions Nigeria they expect to make it
to Brazil next year but were
surprisingly Hell's word wrought by
Kenya back in March it was that result
the gave Kenyan fans the belief their
team could for once and the qualifying
campaign at the top of their group
people just think we we learn we do
athletics we play a lot of Somalia it's
only that the doors are not open but
this can be an eye opener if today we
can actually upset Nigeria and make that
giant stage that junk step for
qualifying for the World Cup well
unfortunately for the massed ranks Gavin
me in Nairobi there was to be no giant
leap forward for their football team
Kenya did hold their own for long
periods but a single goal from a Medusa
was enough for Nigeria to record a
one-nil victory it's a win that gives
Nigeria clear breathing space at the top
of the qualifying group and effectively
ends Kenya's hopes of making it sutras
ill next year even winning their final
two group games probably won't be enough
to keep Kenya in contention for a trip
to Brazil but this improving Kenya team
believe they will one day be at a world
cup other normally of young girls some
of them they are pleased 22 23 it's good
for the country so we are going
gradually very gradually we still have
to work hard so that we have that good
team in the near future if we appear in
the world cup it will be a very good
thing for us for Kenya and also exposure
for the young players are coming up so I
think next next world cup we turn to
August Nigeria though have the assured
confidence that comes with being African
champions and they're looking good for a
fifth world cup appearance Andy
Richardson al Jazeera Nairobi Kenya
you